It's on your log messages you have a few options for top show run pipe include service
what you'll notice is on my log messages I have a date time set.
I will have that to set to on debugs you can enable sequence numbers as an example if you want to see
sequence numbers on your log messages.
For price controls here.
Notice I see a slug message number and that's now appearing in my QB.
So looks over do that again.
Notice the message number has increased if I shut to need to face don't
always be shutting down the neighbor relationships but notice you can see the numbers incrementing on
the router.
These numbers on the left are QB syslog sequence numbers but the 500 numbers sheer numbers on the router
as you can see over here 593 and 5:23 over there.
Sequence numbers obviously make it a lot easier to find messages and sort them when you're receiving
multiple messages and want to order it.
Logically So when I type and as an example notice the sequence number shown in QBE.
So it looks over as well as on the router.
You can type service timestamps and specify that for both log and debug messages.
You can either showed by date and time or by the system up time.
So at the moment it's set to date and time.
You can see the date is made the 16th can see the time up time allows me to specify the uptime on the
router.
So how long is the route to be a full and you can see this route it has been up for almost one hour
and 20 minutes notice the format has changed.
You probably want to do it based on date time and then you can specify how you're going to do it.
So milliseconds allows me to specify milliseconds in the timestamp.
I could also specify the euro at the moment.
Notice there's no Euro specified on these messages.
Controls again or control said.
Notice now I'm getting May 16 2016 and the time on the road to I can disable that.
So you could say no service time stamps.
And when a price controls Zino what controls that notice I don't see the date and time stamps do it
again.
Controls that notice now is the date and time.